## For PHP 8.0

Released 16th December 2021.

This version features an implementation for certain-behavior-features aspect of the API.

- Added AuditLogging Model support

- Added fully-finished requesting support for Audit logging (Meaning bots can use this too).

- Corrected per-functions and re-corrected the appropriate models, as we now know what we're dealing with.

- Check if the channel part type is a Voice channel.
* This check is added to make sure a channel either isn't impersonating a voice channel, corrupted voice channel, or inputting the wrong channel id. (Which was meant to be a voice channel anyways).

- Cleaned up a few useless todos.

- Invite Revoking currently no longer returns a Invite Model as Data.
* This is because it still counts as invite deleting, which as goes for the same Deletion process, the models do not appear, simply because it's deleted.

- Added conversion between Discord Part's audit log to Audit Log Model.

- Added conversion between Discord Part's Entry logging to Entry model.

- Added conversion between Discord part's audit log options to Audit Log Options model.

- Re-formatted class-return values.

- Added Audit Log class.

- Added Entry class.

- Added Options class for Audit Logging.

- Fixed API's per-function description as they weren't 100% correct, according to its CommunicationHandler, where Requesting is stored.

- Added typehints to per functions that didn't have a typehint (Basically blank).

- Correct-typehints to ensure the developers know what they're doing.

- Fixed AuditLog Part from having some issues regarding classes not being found.

- Added Stage support to Entry part.

- Added events and threads to serialization/deserialization
* This commit fixes an null-pattern issue with Audit Log.