## For PHP 8.0

Released 25th December 2021.

This version adds a few, cool implementations, major bug fixes, and many improvements!

- Added Member Timeout semi-support 
* And I say semi, because I need to implement this directly onto the plugin. It is possible to implement this outside our Discord API, but currently, this is not possible via inside the core API.

* This is a semi-support due to that. There is no estimate time until this get's supported fully by the API.

- Alongside this, added new Moderate members permissions node.

- Added support for Role-icons + Managed system
* This change adds support for Role-icons and the managed system.

- Added support for Custom Reactions
* This change adds support for Custom Reactions.

- Alongside this, we've made the following changes:

- Do not create a new Channel objective class when using voice channel functions. Instead, we use Discord's getChannel(), and checking for whether or not the channel is a voice channel, and checking if the channel is null. This then makes it so much easier, and prevents the broken-ness of channels that didn't mean to break.

- Added support for Requesting Custom Reactions.

- Reformat Discord Event Handler.

- Added support for Reaction Model (In terms with getting the Reaction model, which can be used to fetch, create, and update reactions.

- Added RequestCreateReaction

- Added RequestDeleteReaction

- Added RequestFetchReaction

- Added RequestUpdateReaction

- Added support for last_message_id and Recipient ID.

- Added Reaction to Messages namespace.

- Added Api->createReaction()

- Added Api->updateReaction()

- Added Api->deleteReaction()

- Added Api->fetchReaction()

- Properly Convert to Message Model if Interaction not found.
* This change fixes up an issue with Interaction conversions if not found.

- Fixed null return types being set as "none".
* This was because there was no such return type as "null", until now. I don't know why this took as long as it did to get this fixed.

- Added Message Link Support 
* This change adds support for Getting the Message link from a Message objective.

- Set contents of a message, if given. 
* This fix was very needed, and only until recently, discovered there was a bug, where contents in interactions (Via messages) weren't being set properly, and would instead be "blank" text.

- Added full Support for TTS + Stickers in messages
* This change fixes a few issues, which was previously known in recent versions.

- Connect Builder objectives to each other.
* This is to ensure the builder fully knows what to expect from a message parameter.

- Added Stickers support in messages, which previously wasn't possible.

- Added Allow Mentions support to Message Builder, which has Mentioned roles, channels, and users.

- Added support for Text To Speach

- Fixed Builder return objective typo.

- Added TTS, Stickers, and Mentioned Objectives (Channels, roles, and users) to Normal Sending/Editing a message. (Using $message->sendMessage())

- Added semi-support for Creating a guild from the specific guild template
* This change semi-supports Creating a guild from a template. I say semi because this is not currently possible from inside our Discord plugin API, but it is however, possible from outside our Discord plugin API.

- Discord PHP: Use in_array() instead of arrray_search where possible
* This commit also adds new missing Banner Attribute and hash.

- Use MessageBuilder + Message->edit() to edit the message, instead of using safe part method.
* This change fully supports Stickers, TTS, and Objective mentions (Channels, roles, and users) to Editing a message.
* This change was needed, as before, this was using an outdated API source, which was built before Message Builder even existed. Eventually, we'll need to require Message Builder objectives. But for now, Message Builder will be inside the Editing a message method, instead of as a parameter.

- Handler: Remove old comment