## For PHP 8.0

Released 15th December 2021.

This major version features substantial changes, through out the Discord-API feature-rich, including many new implementations supported, major-API Upgrade, Building messages, and so much more!

- Added Full threads support (Untested)

- Added bulk deleting messages support.

- Discord bots can now join voice channels.

- Discord bots can now be moved/switched between voice channels.

- Added Cross-Posting support.

- Messaging thread support added.

- Rename: Packet->getThread() -> Packet->getChannel() to prevent misleading information/confusing behaviors.

- Changed up threadChannel() constructor.

- Rename: ThreadChannel->setTimestamp() -> ThreadChannel->setDuration()

- Rename: ThreadChannel->getTimestamp() -> ThreadChannel->getDuration()

- Rename: ThreadChannel->setParentID() -> ThreadChannel->setUserID()

- Rename: ThreadChannel->getParentID() -> ThreadChannel->getUserID()

- Updated Discord-php bundle.

- Typos, extra dots removed.

- Fixed ChannelCreatedEvent() from never being called (Simply because it was renamed as ChannelUpdatedPacket/Event), which basically always called ChannelUpdatedEvent(), even upon Creations.

- Update BotCommunicationHandler class and contents to ensure the packets are working with newer implementations.

- //todo check if we should be using DiscordMessage objective for Bulk deletion packets and events, or add arrays as well as DiscordMessage objective.

- Make Thread its own channel.
* This should fix up errors relating to ServerChannel class not supporting Threads, so I've made them both separate

- Add, update, and delete Threads to/from storage.

- DiscordEventHandler: Fire MessageBulkDeletePacket once per message ID, instead of once per handle.

* Also, added some docs to Fired events.

- Added missing guild consts, and user consts

- Do not use ThreadChannel class when bulk deleting messages.

* Removed some useless methoding() for CommunicationHandler->handleBulkDelete()

* ThreadChannel $channel parmeter for Api->bulkDelete() has been renamed to string $channel_id

* You should now be using string parmeters for anything that's deleting related. E.g, Bulk deleting, Deleting a message, etc.

- Added objectToArray() conversion.

- Added support for total channels/thread channels of the servers the bot is in.

- Added support for when users start typing = Fire the event. Use TypingStart event to start using this now!

- Added more voice channel related functions.

- Here are the following voice channel features that are in this commit:

- Bot leaves the voice channel.

- Moving a Member to another voice channel.

- Muting a member in the VC they're currently in.

- Unmuting a member in the VC they're currently in.

- Removed dead classes.

Added Guild Ownership + AuditLog + Searched Members support.

- We've added all-in-full support for Transferring ownership to another user.

- Added missing permissions constants for Discord-php bundle.

- Updated EndPoint bundle to ensure there isn't any errors relating to code constants not being found.

- Region in Guilds is deprecated and may be removed from discord in the future.

- Added more support for total objects of a discord server.

- Removed Channel->sendFile() as that's deprecated according to https://github.com/discord-php/DiscordPHP/blob/master/src/Discord/Parts/Channel/Channel.php#L850

- Added Support for buttons / Interactions.

- Fixed Serialization/Deserialization errors with Closures.

- Do not use callable publicly. We'll use this with events instead.

- Added Message Response to Interactions.

- Interaction->updateMessage() -> Interaction->respondWithMessage()

- Use then() instead of done() for Interactions.

- Added full support for Discord Interactions!

* To those that want to read this -
* You can now modify Interactions. The differences between Modifying Interactions and sending a message, is with Interactions, you're only editing the Message Builder, which ofcourse doesn't have the ID built-in, which is what you use sendMessage() for.
SendMessage, only includes The Message class objective. The Message Builder is not currently built-in to sendMessage() packet, as apart of our backwards-compatibility. We may change this in the future, but for now, this can do.

* We've added Interaction Models back because they're apart of an "Parts" which extends the Part class.
** Also, for those that didn't realize, we've added Option Model with Interaction models as that's apart of a part, and should now be complete. Fire your code! Let's see what custom things you can do with them! :)

Also keep note - For anyone wondering, I'll update the API or make examples on how to properly use the Interaction API soon.

- Command Name should be null in case Slash commands aren't being used as an interaction.

- InteractionData: Values should be null by default, and as an optional parameter.

- InteractionCreated: Fixed use import

- Allow developers to send/edit interaction messages themselves, instead of sending them random-useless messages

- CommunicationHandler: remove useless send message.

- Simplify Interaction modifying.

- Simplify Interaction Creation.

- Fixed Interaction not working when embeds are null.

- Fixed embedding from not appearing when creating an interaction

- Added user parmeter to Interactions.

- Interaction: Fixed User is null error

- Added Support for Slash Commands (Untested)

- Client: Fixed weird typo.

- Use application_id and Token to register Slash Commands (Untested)

- Fixed Interaction issue.

- Fixed an issue with incorrect namespace.

- Drop support for PHP 7.4

- Use Static public instead of Static for more function-type support

- Simplify Interaction API

- Fixed Button and SelectMenu listeners from not working.

- Do not include Non-declared Message class in RequestCreateInteraction

- Added Optional MessageBuilder for Sending/Editing messages.

- Resolve Interactions.

- Fixed Bot not being compatible for other bots.

- Add :// at the end of the http-position via Activity.

- Fixed webhooks from breaking when using embeds.

- Match Class Objectives with "WebhookMessage".

- Add Delay Deletion + Reply support.

- Fixed Delay from not appearing as an variable context.

- Added support for Multiple Embeds for WebHooks.

- Added Multiple Embeds support for Editing messages.

- Added support for Stickers (Untested)

- Added missing requirement fields for Stickers.

- Interaction simplification/creation now resolves with a Interaction model.

- Check if Interaction is null

- Simplify Components.

- Simplify Component creations + Removed useless classes that do the exact same thing as one and another.

- Simplify Interaction component modifications.

- Check if the channel ID is the same as the one in Message

- Execute listener without removals of it

- Set ephemeral flag if Ephemeral is true

- Remove internal function(s) + Use Catch if the interaction has already been responded to.

- Possible fix for Interactions.

- Fixed interaction minor typo/issue

- Fixed Role Checking on PHP 8

- Use str_starts_with() when checking for URLS due to php 8.

- Do not use strpos() for https-checking contexts

- Corrected image_urls.

- Implemented Stages + Updated Discord-php bundle

- Rename unpause() to resume() because unpause is undefined.

- Added more event-driven support for Stages, and Stickers.

Request Stages supported.
* This means your own discord bot can create/update/delete a Stage where possible.

- Added Stage and Stickers as models.

- Added more packets for Stages and stickers.

- Updated Discord-http bundle to support a lot of Endpoints that weren't yet in the list.

- Bumped API to 3.26 (Because PHP 8 is supported only).

- Added Server Templates support.

- Add Server Templates as apart of the guild.

- Fixed GuildStickerUpdated from appearing as getInteraction() instead of getSticker(), which was wrong.

- Re-order ServerJoinPacket parmeters.

- Added support for Custom Emojis.

- Storage updates.

- sticker_items is now deprecated in favour of stickers.

- Author now returns user or null, instead of Member.

- Fixed typos.