## For PHP 8.0

Released 7th Janurary 2022.

This version implements a major change - Slash commands, and a ton of bug fixes.


- Fixed Guild Emojis Update Event

- Added Responding to an Interaction
* This release allows responding to an interaction via creating and deleting the message, which is a hack for now.

- Modifying Interaction now returns Message Model if previous model was not found.

- Api->respondInteraction() now returns a Promise.

- Api: Changed return (resolves) value and typehint.

- Api: Be more specific about which model willl be returned in a promise.
* This also fixes up wrong return resolves promise value.

- Fixed packet issue with Messages.

- Check if the channel type is a text channel.
* This is because messages can only be fetched using text channels. It'll return 0 if not a text channel. Now, it won't go any further if channel isn't a text channel.

- Fixed wrong Server Parameters

- Simplify Storage->getMessagesByChannel()

- Removed $message_channel_map property, and replaced this with checking if the foreached() messages channel id, and the channel id parameter is the same before continuing.
* This makes it 10x easier reading.

- Added isOldMessage() function, which allows you to check if the messages are 14 days or older (As discord's purge deleting messages needs to be either 14 days or below.

- Utils: Re-format.

- Include "public" in static functions. It'll now be "public static function" to better implement different methoding support in the future.

- Added Utils::toSeconds()
* This'll allow you to convert timestamps to actual real time seconds.

- Storage: Rename bulkDelete() to deleteMessage() - This is to prevent issues with mass deleting too many times even if you enter the limit, it would go pass this. Now, it'll delete the message within a certain limit  as intended.

- Fixed Storage::isOldMessage() incorrect return values

This fix was really needed, as the isOldMessage() function would return with incorrect return types. This commit basically fixes this issue.

Also, the reason why I made this change, is because Storage->getMessagesByChannel() only fetches all messages since the last 14 days, which means once the foreach() part is out of the way, it'll return true, instead of false - As it is considered old if messages aren't foreached with the message object you want, as discord doesn't store messages older than 14 days (2 weeks).

- Added Storage::removeOldMessage()
* Automatically deletes messages that are older than 14 days.
* We add this because the bot will only check for messages older than 14 days upon start up, which would've caused possible errors in the future.
* Now, it'll automatically detect messages regardless. It's on a task every 1 tick, which means it's always checking.

- Storage: Remove debug spam

- Remove to allow devs to customize this.

- Use bulkDelete() instead (Tested)

This is because I just noticed MessageDeletedEvent() already automatically deletes messages.

- DiscordEventHandler: Re-ordered certain peices of code.

- Fixed crash when purging too many messages.
* Because the event has a limit to how much event calls it can be called at a time. this then lead to possible crashes if purged a lot of messages, as previous update, purging wouldn't be able to handle 100-300+ messages, or the server would lag due to this. Now, it'll call the event once all the messages are in an array.

- MessageDeletedEvent() now has a Message[] parameter support, which Message[] is only used when deleting multiple messages.

- Fixed crash when removing messages.

- Fixed missing parameter in ServerJoined Event.

- Convert Bitwise to Plugin Utilities.
* This release fixes class not found errors.

- Bitwise: Fixed class not being ported properly.

- Added more Server parameters support

- Rename property from scheduled_events -> guild_scheduled_events.

- Run an array filter on messages that are below 14 days old.
* This change also fixes errors appearing when bulk deleting 14 days or older, simply because it's running a check on whether or not the Timestamp, which was created, is 14 days or older. If it is, it won't try to delete that message, and will go to the next message.

- Rename from DiscordGuildTemplate -> DiscordServerTemplate
* This change was made to match Server related names.

- Added the following new Server Parameters:
* ServerScheduledEvent[]
* ServerTemplate[]
* Role[]
* ServerChannel[]
* Member[]

- Added updatable attributes to Sticker part.

- Added creatable Attributes to Emoji part.

- Added updatable Attributes to Emoji Part.

- Fixed class not found / typo in Guild properties.

- Added semi-support for creating a guild emoji.
* I say semi support because currently, creating an emoji is not possible from inside the plugin API, but it is possible from outside of the plugin API.

- Replaced quotation marks with ''.

- Be more specific in ScheduledEventRepository->freshen()

- Event: Remove blank spaces.

- GuildEmojisUpdate: Merge old parts to guild emojis.

- GuildEmojiUpdate: Remove offset(), and replace this with merge.

- Fixed GuildStickersUpdate foreaching().

- Added Collections for Stickers (old and current) sticker parts.

- You can now bulk delete more than 100 messages without it breaking

- Because discord has a message per channel limit of fetching 100 messages, this change was needed. You can now bulk delete more than 100 messages without breaking discord's API.

This release also changes the following:

- Remove print_r logging systems.

- Added DiscordEventHandler->fetchAllMessages() for easier understanding.

- Fixed undefined array key when attempting to remove a message using server mapping.
* Sometimes this were to occur if you were to bulk delete more than 100 messages, simply because discord can only fetch 100 messages per channel. Before, there was a lot of errors with Bulk deleting over 100 messages

- DiscodEventHandler: Change logging level type to debug

- Storage: Re-format

- Added Slash Commands support (Untested)

- This commit is probably the largest "actual" update to this plugin API.

We haven't just added slash commands. We've also fixed Voice clients, and a load of bug fixes, new features implementation, commands/slash commands full support, and so much more!

This commit changes the following:
- Added Requesting Commands support.

- Added Request-fetching commands support.

- Added Full Slash Commands support.

- Added new private function: getApplication() to CommunicationHandler.

- Added DiscordChoice Model.

- Added DiscordCommand Model.

- Added DiscordCommandOption Model.

- Added DiscordCommmandOverwrite Model.

- Added DiscordCommandPermission model.

- Added support for Application type messages. (Which should also fix issues with other bots that use slash commands).

- Added Resolved Model.

- ModelConverter: Replaced more "only static" functions to support publics.

- Added new InteractionData parameters:
Target ID, and Server Id.

- Added new Interaction Option parameter:
focused.

- Moved interaction-related parameters to CommandMessage model.

- Added CommandMessage Model, which extends Message class.
* This is so we can support Application command as a message type.

- Added RequestCreateCommand.

- Added RequestDeleteCommand

- Added RequestFetchCommands

- Added RequestUpdateCommand

- Added Api->createCommand()

- Added Api->updateCommand()

- Added Api->deleteCommand()

- Added Api->fetchCommand()

- Make fetchWelcomeScreen() throw an reject promise if Server ID is invalid.

- Added new const: APPLICATION_COMMAND_AUTOCOMPLETE_RESULT to InteractionResponseType class.

- Added APPLICATION_COMMAND_AUTOCOMPLETE to InteractionType

- Upgrade Discord interactions to v2.1.

- Updated Discord php README.

- Added Command Builder support for command making.

- Check Voice channels the proper way.

- Added Discord->listenCommand()

- Added RegisteredCommand helper.

- Added GuildCommandRepository.

- Guild: Re-format.

- Added application_id to Repository Attributes.

- Added Choice part.

- Added Command Part.

- Added Option part.

- Added Command Overwrite Part.

- Added Command Permission Part.

- BC: Remove interaction::TYPE consts, and replace this with InteractionType::

- Fixed Interaction->getDataAttribute()

- Renamed Interaction->editFollowupMessage() -> Interaction->updateFollowupMessage().

- Added Interaction->autoCompleteResult()

- Re-ordered, and added a few more new parameters to InteractionData.

- Added InteractionData->getResolvedAttribute()

- Added documentation to Option part.

- Added GlobalCommandRepository to Application.

- Added Application->getRepositoryAttributes()

- Addd GuildCommandRepository.

- Added OverwriteRepository.

- Added GlobalCommandRepository.

- Check if bot is speaking before marking it as not speaking.

- Rename paramater: isSpeaking(int $id)  -> isSpeaking(string $id)

- Remove useless comments.

- Moved Discord-php slash package to Discord-php directly.

- Moved Discord Interaction things to InteractionCreate.

- Updated V7_Conversion MD file.

- Removed dead Interaction parameters

- Added Missing Part attributes (Semi)

- Added Missing Model parameters

- Added Missing Computing permissions parameter to Channel Models

- Fixed TextChannel Parameter showing an incorrect parameter, which was earlier moved to DM Channel Model.